so I don't think you should deal with the misconduct issue at the lowest
level when we're talking about items that are going to either hurt
the individual, hurt others or have, ah, wide, um, swath of effect
on a division or the department. You know, one of the resource is you
can actually go to if it's more difficult to give up the chain of
command is to talk to your chaplain. And ironically, I cannot divulge
that information as a chaplain because of the confidentiality that
which I hold. But there are opportunities for me to help the situation
and find resource is and and things that will help defuse the situation
and get to the results that are needed.